W-12443157-APISharingUpdates-ESB (#392)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_prerequisites.adoc

+
MuleSoft creates and configures an instance of Anypoint Platform to provide a dedicated environment for Composer.
. In the *Assign Users to MuleSoft Composer* section, click the *Assign Users* button to go directly to the Salesforce *Permission Sets* page:
   .. Click *Composer User* or *Composer Administrator*.

>    ... *Composer User* has general acces to Composer funcionality such as building and managing flows. 

Reviewer: access

>    ... *Composer User* has general acces to Composer funcionality such as building and managing flows. 

Author: ```suggestion
   ... *Composer User* has general access to Composer funcionality such as building and managing flows. 
```

. In the navigation pane, click xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc[*Access Management*]. +
The *Access Management* page appears.

> . In the *Access Management* page, in the navigation pane, click *Composer Sync*. If the *Composer Sync* button is not available, first click *Try New Features* to enable the button.+

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Access Management* page, in the navigation pane, click *Composer Sync*. If the *Composer Sync* button is not available, first click *Try New Features* to enable the button. +
```

. In the *Access Token* section, click *Authenticate in Anypoint*. +
The Anypoint Platform login page appears.

> . Log in to Anypoint Platform. Ensure that the user logging into Anypoint Platform has the right https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/access-client-app-id-task[permissions to create a client app].

Reviewer 2: I believe you can specify the version thusly:
`xref:2.x@api-manager::access-client-app-id-task[]`

Author: Thank you!

. In the navigation pane, click *Connected Apps*. +
The *Connected Apps* page appears.

> . Optionally, on the *Connected Apps* page, if you would like to remove Composer’s access to a single API, click the options button next to the API and then click *Remove*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optionally, on the *Connected Apps* page, if you want to remove Composer’s access to a single API, click the options button for the API and then click *Remove*.
```
